.TH RDWGET 1 "26.2.2009"

.SH NAME
rdwget - Threaded wget like file download manager which downloads file specified in http link by chunks.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B "rdwget [options] files..."

.SH DESCRIPTION

rdwget is threaded wget like file download manager with simultaneous
download chunks for every link (HTTP server must send Content-Length
and accept ranges of bytes (Accept-ranges: bytes)).

This manager runs chunk-manager thread for every http link.
Chunk-manager is thread which creates threads for downloading
chunks (number of chunks is set by option -c or -chunks).
First Chunk-manager sends request for head of link to server,
then the file is created of size specified in header, calculated
chunk bounds (with mapping into memory), consenquently created
threads (every thread downloads its own chunk)sends request to
server for specific range of link, then recevied data written
into memory and at the end munmapped memory.If memory is unable 
to map, it writes into file directly by write function.

Downloaded filename consists of hostname and request uri where
all slashes were replaced by _ character.

basic parts of program:

    * thread manager for downloading files
    * thread manager for downloading chunks
    * simple http client
    * simple link parser and some supporting functions

Used UNIX parts:

    * file operations (we mapping file into mermory and writing chunk into memory instead of using write for time optimalization.
    * threads (multithreaded downloading of files and chunks of file)
    * network communication (http client communicates with remote http server)

.SH OPTIONS

.IP "-c or --chunks=num
Downloads every http link in num chunks. (default is one chunk)
.IP "-R or --resultdir=dir
Result directory (where files will be downloaded).

.SH COMPILATION
requirements:

    * linux
    * gcc comliper
    * make utility

Program is able to compile under LINUX with GNU gcc compiler.
Move into "Release" subdirectory. Type "make all".
After successful compilation run file "rdwget" with specified options.

.SH BUGS
Bug reports mail me please on "Radovan Duga"<radooo.php5@gmail.com>
	
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Radovan Duga as a credit program for Programming in Unix
under GNU GPL license.
